Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
If you've been in...
Five million dollars
or cancer?
Uh...
...good enough for...
Where are you going?
I. Slater King.
would like
to formally apologize
for my behavior.
I have sought therapy.
and I will be taking a leave
of absence
from my company while...
Slater King.
thank you
for joining us tonight.
Let's
get to the question
that everybody is dying
for you to answer.
Where have you been
since you stepped down
and made your CFO Vic Mahoney
CEO of King-Tech?
After everything
that happened.
um... I just realized
that sometimes
you really do have to just
stop and smell the flowers.
So. uh. I sort of
bought an island.
An island?
No phones. no work.
We grow our own food.
I wear the same thing
every day.
I have chickens.
- Chickens?
- Yeah. I have chickens.
Seems like
you really are a changed man.
Yeah. I am.
So. last year you started
the King-Tech Foundation.
What do you have
to say to the critics
who call your recent
philanthropy performative?
Look.
I'm just trying to do better.
I don't know how else
to say that I'm sorry.
'Cause I am sorry.
I really am.
I am... I'm sorry.
But I've... I've said
those words so many times
that they've lost meaning.
Do you expect
people to forgive and forget?
I don't expect
anything from anyone.
It's not the reality
that we live in.
Hey. dude.
you got my lighter?
Oh. Sorry.
Hey. do you have the money?
The super's
gonna be here soon.
Right. About that...
- Oh. what did you do?
- It's a surprise for you.
- Oh. boy.
- I love you.
Wait. Do we have any...
Thanks.
I need
a fucking vacation.
♪ One. two. get down ♪
♪ Paid the cost
To be the boss ♪
♪ I paid the cost
To be the boss... ♪
Frida. Frida!
- Hmm.
- You're late.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I missed
the bus and...
This is the King-Tech gala.
the most important event
of the year.
Can we just have a quick talk
about your behavior last year?
- It was a little chatty. so...
- No.
No. no. no. He talked to me.
He told me he liked my nails.
- That's it.
- Anyway...
I just want. this time around.
you to be a little bit
more invisible. okay?
Okay.
- Okay? Can you do that?
- Yes. I can do that.
- Okay.
- I can.
- And don't forget to smile.
- I won't.
I missed my audition
waiting for the super
who never showed up.
So we still have black mold
and I guess
we're just gonna die now.
Yo. Jess.
can I get your lighter?
Yes. But I want it back.
I'm gonna have to write
my goddamn name on that thing.
This haircut is so stupid.
Do I look like a boy?
A very cute boy.
I heard you sneaking out
last night at. like. 3:00 a.m.
Where'd you go?
- Heh.
- What's wrong with you?
- Don't be mad at me.
- I'm not mad.
I just can't magically
erase shit from my brain.
So. when you
get back together.
don't expect me to pretend
like I don't want to stab him.
- It's complicated.
- It's not.
Stop giving away your power.
You're not a human
phone charger.
Just have some self-respect.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
I just don't understand
why you keep going back.
I guess I'm just scared
of being alone.
Aw. You're not alone.
You have me.
Mmm. Yeah.
Don't forget to smile. ladies.
All right.
Okay. Okay. okay.
let's get serious. people.
We want to thank you all
for being here with us tonight
so that the King Foundation
can get on
with the business
of doing good
around the world.
I want to give
a round of applause
to our host
for his boundless generosity.
Ladies and gentlemen.
the founder of King-Tech...
Oh. my God! Oh. my God.
- I'm so sorry.
- ...Mr. Slater King.
Careful.
You're gonna sprain your neck.
I don't care if I break it.
Ready
for your surprise?
Oh. boy.
- Red or blue?
- Uh...
This is crazy.
I know. right?
No.
it's. like. crazy-crazy.
We just can't really
afford to...
Jess. don't do that.
No. Whose time is it?
Our time.
You know what my mom
used to say?
- Hmm?
- Success is the best revenge.
You think he'll remember me?
Who could forget you?
You know?
- Oh. shit!
- You okay?
Sorry.
Yeah. I just.
I don't know how to walk
in these fucking things.
Okay. do this thing my aunt
- taught me. okay?
- Okay.
East. west. east. west.
- East. west. east. west.
- Hello.
East. east. West. east.
west. east. west...
Oh. shit.
It's Jennifer. Fuck.
Oh. hold up.
I think it's because
people like me would touch it.
So it's smarter
for them to do that.
I wouldn't want to ruin it.
Ladies.
this is a private area.
Could I have you step
that way. please?
- Oh. okay.
- Yeah. sure.
- Hey. Stan.
- Hey. Cody. how are you doin'?
- Good.
- South. south. south.
Hey. how much you think
that little head costs?
Like. a million dollars?
I wonder if that alarm would
go off if you stole...
Frida. Frida.
Frida?
Shit.
Are you all right?
Here. may I?
Yeah.
Saw it in a movie once.
and I've always
wanted to do it.
Now you're even.
Slater.
- Rich!
- Hey.
the speech turned out great.
Really? Are you sure?
I mean...
How did it feel to be...
- Ma'am? Ma'am?
- ...just scared
- to say anything.
- Yes?
I know. I know.
- I totally understand.
- Your hand.
I was very proud of you.
Listen.
- you've come a long way.
- Oh.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Listen. I'm...
I'm sorry to interrupt.
No. no. You're not
interrupting. This is. um...
Uh. I actually
haven't asked your name.
Frida. I'm Frida.
Frida.
Yeah.
Uh. Frida.
this is Dr. Rich Stein.
Um. he's...
He's actually my therapist.
- Oh.
- He needs one.
I'm just kidding.
Very nice to meet you.
Blink twice if I'm in danger.
- Oh. dear.
- Well. maybe not.
Let's not answer
that one. right?
Well.
I'll let you get back to it.
It's really nice to meet you.
All right.
Hi.
Oh.
this is the one here...
Come on.
Oh. my God!
Okay. here we go.
Jess. Frida.
this is my childhood buddy.
Cody.
Hey. Cheers. ladies.
- Cheers.
This is Vic.
my left and right-hand man.
Nice to meet you.
Hey. what's up. man?
- Heather. Camilla.
- Oh!
- How you doin'. mami?
- Hi. Hi.
That's Stan.
my security.
- Tom.
- Hi. How's it going?
Where's Lucas at?
That was
the guy on that show.
- Slate! Hey.
- Hey. Lucas.
This is our resident
wonder boy here.
He's probably gonna run
the world one day.
- Nice to meet you guys.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hey there. Slater.
- Hey. What's up. man?
I don't know who that is.
This is Frida. Sarah.
Sarah. Frida.
- Hi. Hi.
- Oh. hi.
Cute nails.
Thank you.
Do you know who
our Camille Claudel is?
- No.
- Look what I got you. babe.
Please don't call me "babe."
You got all that?
It's a bit of a whirlwind.
Oh. yeah. no.
I have an excellent memory.
Mm-hmm-hmm. Yeah.
You look kind of familiar.
Do I know you from somewhere?
- Seen you somewhere? No?
- No. I don't think so.
- What?
- Nothing.
Hi.
I'm sorry.
Sorry to...
Sorry to interrupt.
Frida. this is Stace.
Stace. Frida.
- Hi.
Um. nice to see you.
So Miss Party Pooper. I know.
but we should...
Got it. Thank you. Stace.
Where are you off to?
I'm gonna go to the island
for a few days.
- Oh.
- The island.
I forgot you own
your own island.
It's casual.
So casual. Yeah.
It was nice
to meet you. Frida.
Slater. come on.
It's very. very cute.
but we gotta go.
- Can we go?
- I gotta go.
I need to be in a place
where I can get
- an umbrella in my drink.
- Yeah.
Let's go!
- I guess I'll see ya.
- Come on. Slate.
Did you see that?
He was like...
to me.
Another chapter
for the memoir. my dear.
- Yeah. totally.
- Did you get his number?
Of course I fucking didn't.
How...
What are you talking about?
- How does a dude like that...?
- After all that?
I don't know.
Hey.
Uh. look...
I don't want to sound. um...
Do...
Do you guys want to come?
Here you are. ma'am.
Thank you.
♪ Somewhere someone
Special must be ♪
Special just for me ♪
♪ Somewhere someone ♪
♪ Somewhere someone
Special must be ♪
♪ Somebody made for me
Somebody made... ♪
Thank you.
This place sucks.
Wow.
It's good to be back.
Phones. please.
Thank you.
Wait. for real?
You don't have to do anything
that you don't want to do.
Thanks. Stace.
All right.
thank you. Stace.
Thank you.
Isn't it
beautiful. babe?
Please
don't call me "babe."
I love you.
- Oh. yeah.
- That grew in.
All right. here we go.
Here we go.
Okay!
Everybody say.
"Makin' memories!"
Makin' memories!
Whoo!
I hope it's okay.
This is my favorite one.
I think I'll survive.
- Good.
- Mmm-hmm.
So look. I know
that. uh. you didn't
have a lot of time
to grab stuff. uh...
you know. before you
came here. but. um. there's...
stuff in there. Uh...
But if you... But if you do
need other stuff...
...just. you know.
let me... let me know.
Uh. we're gonna be
out by the pool...
- Mmm-hmm.
- ...so get settled. um...
- Yeah. Okay. Uh...
- Okay.
Yeah. just. um...
We're gonna be out...
Trying to... I've been
meaning to get this fixed.
600-year-old door.
All right. Um...
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay.
- Okay.
Oh. hey.
Thank you for coming.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God!
Desideria.
Hmm.
Mmm.
Ew.
Better luck next time.
bitch.
I'm sorry.
you scared me.
Red rabbit.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
What?
Wait. you forgot your...
Okay.
Oh. hi.
So do you think it's weird
that there's. like.
clothes for us?
Mm. I don't think it's weird.
I think it's just. like. rich?
- Right.
- excuse me.
do you know where
we're supposed to go?
Okay.
So do you think
the human sacrifice
is before or after dinner?
- Oh. my God!
You look so good!
I'm gonna die.
You look so good.
Is it weird that
we're all dressed the same?
I don't know.
It's cute.
How'd they know
our bra size?
They're probably gonna
be dressed exactly
the same too.
♪ Don't be scared ♪
♪ Don't be scared... ♪
That
is a fat blunt. queen.
That's why they
call me the Fat Blunt Queen.
Does anyone have a lighter?
♪ Better to love
Than never love at all... ♪
Don't get me wrong.
I love working at King-Tech.
I'm learning a lot.
But eventually. I wanna do
my own thing. you know?
I wanna be the Slater King
of crypto.
Hey. Vic.
you want some watermelon?
Thank you.
'Cause the world
is changing.
- There's not gonna be dollars.
- Little chewy.
What? What do you mean
it's a little chewy?
Why do you always
gotta do that?
- ♪ Don't be shy ♪
- ♪ Shy... ♪
Pssh. What are we looking at?
Two eyes.
three little buttons.
- two arms.
- Oh.
Gingerbread man.
Oh. yeah.
Perfect.
♪ When your hearts are lit ♪
♪ Drop your survival kit... ♪
Think fast.
- Whoa!
Go off. HSB!
Oh. I knew it. You were
on Hot Survivor Babes.
Eight seasons.
Yo. you went cuckoo for
Cocoa Puffs on that show.
Well.
they edit a lot of shit out.
And I did what I had
to do to survive.
That's how you win.
♪...sight at all ♪
♪ Away we go... ♪
You want some
coconut water?
She's okay.
You okay?
Frida. you okay?
You scared me
for a second.
♪ Don't be scared ♪
How good
does that smell?
Hmm.
Desideria.
It actually only grows here.
- Oh.
- We got a beautiful
little herb garden over here.
Got our chickens.
You know.
it's not what I thought
it was gonna be.
What do you mean?
The legendary parties
of Slater King
with drugs and debauchery.
We still do drugs.
We just do them
with intention.
And we still have fun.
It's just a little
different now.
Therapy changed my life.
Thanks. guys.
Yeah. we have a bit of
a pest problem at the moment.
It's a lash viper.
I feel bad killing them.
but they're kind of a problem.
Are you in therapy?
Oh. no. No.
I think therapy is kind of
self-indulgent bullshit.
You sound exactly
like my sister.
Why should I pay to tell
someone about the time
my mom tried to kill herself
in front of me?
I'm sorry.
It's fine. I survived.
I'm still here.
Yeah.
But I agree with you on
the whole talk therapy thing.
That's not really
what I'm into.
Rich is more of. like.
a trauma therapist.
Uh. you know. specializes
in repressed memory.
What can't you remember?
Uh. pretty much
anything before 10.
So I imagine it was
probably pretty bad?
Why would you
want to remember?
I'd pay to forget.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe forgetting is a gift.
- Oh. God.
- Oh. shit.
Don't even bother.
She's got it.
- No. no.
- Let me help you.
No. no. no. I got it.
She's physically
incapable of accepting help.
Relax. you're on vacation.
Oh. Slater. uh.
I had them put the chair
in the new spot.
- Okay.
- So let me know
if it seems less weird there.
- Okay.
- I think it looks nice.
Uh. also. um. the vape liquid.
- I put in your desk.
- All right.
- And one more.
- Yeah?
The new generator
is not working.
So I had all the candles.
uh. laid out in the...
in the dining room.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Appreciate you. I love you.
I love you too.
Oh. my God.
I haven't
seen you in years.
It's been decades.
Do you come here often?
- Oh. all the time.
- Oh. of course.
This is where I reside now.
This is my home.
East. west. east...
Friends. tonight
we have zucchini blossoms.
fresh from the organic garden
right here at Chez King.
We have a yuca
mofongo croquetas.
which is deep-fried. uh.
which is a little bit
naughty.
And. of course. we have this
beautifully dry-aged steak.
Blessings. Enjoy.
Oh. Wow.
Everybody raise your glasses
for Camilla here.
- No. don't do that.
- Yep.
She just finalized the sale
of her app as of yesterday.
Welcome to King-Tech. girl.
Thank you. Thanks. guys.
What's it... How does it work?
It's an astrology thing.
It's called The Cycle.
Dude. it's awesome.
You put in your birth time
and location.
- Mmm-hmm.
- And it tells you
that the reason that
your sitcom got canceled
and your wife is sucking
the neighbor's dick
while you're eating eggs
to slim down
so that somebody
will fuck you...
...is because
the planet Saturn
is trying to teach you
how to process your emotions
in a healthier way.
I'm glad
you're finding it helpful.
It's awesome.
Buddy.
Ah. I just love cooking
for my friends.
It just hits different.
Looks beautiful. Cody.
Yeah.
dig into the steak. guys.
- Mmm.
- Dude.
- Can I have some salt?
- Really?
Yeah. It needs it.
- You want one?
- No. I don't eat red meat.
- Oh. Sorry.
- This place is insane.
- So pretty.
- Give me the pepper too.
Fuck you. Vic.
I can't believe
I'm finally here.
I'm glad you're having
a good... Ooh.
You got. like. a little...
Uh-oh!
Kool-Aid on the cult robe.
- Oh.
- Oopsie-daisy.
Don't worry about it.
It's fine. You're good.
So. uh. Sarah. are...
are you gonna be on All-Stars?
I was gonna be. yeah.
But. after 22 years.
they've just decided
a show about girls in bikinis
fighting for their lives
in the jungle
is exploitative.
- And I'm. like...
- Smell that. babe.
Wow.
Yeah. so two years
of training for nothing.
I'm sure it'll come in handy.
Oh. that's gonna
open up beautifully.
So. uh. Frida. when you're
not staining your clothes.
what else do you do?
Um... Well.
I'm just... I'm just trying
to figure it out.
Figuring it out. huh?
Yeah.
Let me know how that goes.
Yeah. I guess
I just. you know.
don't know what the fuck
I'm doing.
You know. Vic here
has a Harvard degree
in not knowing
what the fuck he's doing.
Ask him how he lost his pinky.
Yeah.
No. What's the big deal?
I'm just asking questions.
I like our new friend
Frida here.
I think she's cool
and interesting.
I just want to get to know
her better. that's all.
All right.
Hey. hey. hey!
Sip it. dude. Sip it.
The wine's older than you.
Yeah. s... sorry.
Offerings.
Time for the real dessert.
These beautiful psilocybin
and MDMA droppies
will introduce you
to your ancestors.
Yeah.
Blessings.
children of the forest.
Who's first?
Uh...
How many do I do?
Come here.
He's the master.
Uh-uh. Set your intention.
One.
Two.
Three.
I love you so much.
I fucking love this pineapple.
You're so beautiful.
Wow.
Okay. Sleep.
Okay. Okay.
Huh.
Weird.
What?
Nothing.
- John Kennedy was here.
- Yeah.
Blue fin. Belly cut.
- Best in the world.
- Mmm.
Whoa. Cody.
I mean. this is sick.
Very special knife.
Slater got it for me
in Okinawa.
And it's very sharp.
I just don't want you to cut
yourself. all right. dude?
It's an original Hattori.
He decides to throw
himself a birthday party.
Thank you.
There's something weird
going on here.
If by weird. you mean
that you're losing. again?
Yeah. shit's getting
pretty fucking weird.
What happened to your pinky?
What's the first rule
of Fight Club?
What?
- Never mind. Here we go.
- One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten!
No! No. no. no!
Hold it.
I'm not... I'm not prepared...
Subtitle | www.movieddl.me
Having a good time?
We're having a great time.
Babe.
Watermelon?
That is a fat blunt. queen.
Does anyone have a lighter?
Heather. do you have
my lighter?
Sorry.
- Can I try?
- Yeah.
What is that?
Is it. like. strawberry?
Ooh.
That smells nice on you.
- Thank you.
- Mmm.
How'd you get that scar?
I don't know.
I like your nails.
Thanks.
I do them myself.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
All right.
What do we got here?
Blue cats.
Yeah. Anailmals.
What?
It's. um. anailmals.
It's animal nails.
It's kind of my thing.
It's. um...
- It's a play on...
- Oh. oh!
- You get it?
- Fuck! Yes.
- "A-nail-mals."
- Anailmals.
I gotta go to bed.
- I gotta go to bed.
- What?
Why?
I got therapy in the morning.
Oh. boo.
Oh. boo. you.
Wait. You forgot your...
Ew.
Hello?
Frida?
Hi.
Hey.
I. um...
I thought you might want this.
Thank you. That's sweet.
So...
- Whatcha doin'?
- Oh. man.
Oh. look who it is.
- Frida. this is Rich.
- Hi.
Rich. Frida.
Very nice to meet you.
I remember you.
From the gala?
"Blink twice
if I'm in danger"?
That's right.
Amazing.
Yeah. it's amazing.
Hey. Stace?
It still feels weird here.
Okay.
I think we should try it
someplace else.
Why don't we just
light it on fire?
That might make it
a little less weird.
- Don't do that.
- Hi.
Don't... Don't do that.
You know it bums me out.
- All right?
- Ah.
I'm sorry.
All right. young man.
I'm headed back
to the mountaintop.
- Always enjoy our chats.
- Yes. sir.
Thank you.
- Oh. and thanks for the gift.
- I'll walk you out.
Hey. hon.
do you have the light?
Where's my knife?
Who has my knife?
What?
My knife.
I can't find my special knife.
Chill. You just
gotta ask somebody. man.
You okay?
Psst.
Has anyone seen
Cody's special knife?
I just don't know
where it went.
You want this?
No. thanks. Heather.
That weed makes me paranoid.
Nobody has your stupid knife.
Something horrible
is about to happen.
What?
When things are good.
that's when
the bad stuff happens.
Why would you
think that?
Life.
What day is it?
I don't know.
When are we leaving?
Whenever you want.
That's not an answer.
Are you having a good time?
Yes.
Good.
Boop.
Okay. who has got it?
Who has got it this time. huh?
- Not it.
- Oops.
I don't even remember
taking it.
- I know who took it.
- Eh. eh. oh. ah! Oh!
What. do I gotta write my name
on this fucking thing?
Oh. shit.
Pop Rocks in a tangerine
mojito sorbet.
Shut up! Shut up!
I got it.
- Let's go!
- Yes!
Love it!
Yeah!
♪ What's the sense in sharing
This one and only life... ♪
That's right!
All of this feels immaculate.
Oh. my goodness. Okay.
Beautiful photo!
Hold it right there.
All right. Yep.
Hold it. Hold it.
It's really working
for you. isn't it?
Look at me.
Dancing around in my hat.
You idiot.
♪...every woman
That he can. uh-huh... ♪
♪ Say I'm gonna leave
A hundred times a day ♪
Get the hips involved.
♪ Just can't break away ♪
♪ Oh!
Young hearts run free... ♪
Come here. baby.
- Yeah.
- Come on. Spin.
♪ Hung up like my man and me ♪
♪ My man and me... ♪
Feels so amazing.
Do you know
how much I love you?
Oh. my God.
Come here.
Oh. you smell good.
- Eat you up.
- Yeah!
Oh. yeah!
♪...in trouble and strife ♪
♪ My mind must be free to learn
All I can... ♪
Something bit me!
There it is. There it is.
Yes. There it is.
There it is.
Shit!
Oh. Slate. that was...
That was...
I believe the word
you're looking for.
kid. is "fucking awesome."
What is it?
Is it poisonous?
It's venomous.
but you're not gonna die.
- Oh. my God!
- No. no. no.
- Is it dead?
- Here. Here.
You're okay. You're fine.
Oh. my god!
Should I. like. be going to.
like. a hospital or something?
- You'll be fine.
- Besides...
there are no hospitals.
You want
some more water?
How's your hand?
I feel weird.
I want my phone.
Okay.
I wanna go home.
Okay. let's not go crazy.
Everybody is. like.
smiling and laughing
like 1960s fucking
flight attendants.
Like. "Are you having
a good time?"
I'm like. "Yeah. I'm having
a great time."
I'm scared. Frida.
I think
you just need some sleep.
Don't. No. no. don't. don't.
don't do that. Don't do that.
Can't you feel it?
There's something wrong
with this place.
What's wrong?
I seriously want to know.
Is it the amazing food?
Or the tsunami of champagne?
Or is it
the 1.020-thread-count
fucking sheets? What is it?
You're not listening to me.
Please.
For the first time
in my life. I'm here.
And
I'm not invisible.
So please.
Please.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm gonna go lay down.
Hello?
Oh.
Hi.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I was just. um...
I was looking for Slater.
Um...
Hey.
What's your name?
Red rabbit.
Red rabbit. right.
Oh.
Oh. Don't worry. I won't tell.
I'm not a narc.
Sure.
Oh. my God. what's in that?
That's crazy strong!
Red rabbit.
Red rabbit. Red rabbit.
Red...
What are you doing over here?
I. uh...
I got lost.
You wanna go that way.
Oh. the chickens got out.
Again.
Fucking nightmare.
Come here. you little fucker.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait!
Why are we running?
I don't know
why we do that.
Hide this.
All right. who did this?
Seriously.
When did I cut bangs?
What's up?
You've got a dick
on your face.
Yep.
- Greetings. excellent people.
- Good morning.
- young blood. You all right?
- I'm sorry. Slate.
- Hi. guys.
- Oh. dude. your eye.
What?
Oh. no. I know. right?
Oh. my God. Fuck. yeah.
There's blueberry muffins?
It's
Slate's mom's recipe.
Mmm. It's spectacular.
- Thanks. bud.
- How'd you sleep?
Amazing.
All right. kids.
Sails up.
Who's ready to catch
some beautiful grouper?
Let's do it. Is it cool
if I bring the muffins?
Bring the muffins.
Oh. how do we feel
about less loud?
Sorry. babe.
I don't think I can be on a
boat right now. to be honest.
Come on. it'll be fun.
- Big old bucket of worms.
- Oh.
Maybe we'll just have
some girl time.
You guys go
be with the worms.
- You okay if I go?
- Of course.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Tom. is that
a dick on your face?
- Yep.
- Enjoy your girl time.
- Mm-hmm.
- Bye. babe.
Bye. babe!
Oh. I needed this!
- Me the fuck too.
- Oh. my God!
- You want this?
- Oh. fuck no.
Heather. that shit
you smoke. bro...
- is way too fucking strong.
- I know.
Hey. hon. you have that light?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Where's Jess?
What do you mean?
What do you mean.
"What do I mean?"
Jess.
Who is Jess?
You okay?
Is she okay?
You don't look so good.
What's wrong?
Yeah. what's wrong?
Are you fucking with me?
- Where's Jess?
- Huh? What. hon?
My friend that was
in the room next to mine.
Uh. the storage room?
Hey. relax.
You're on vacation.
Oh. Jesus.
Wake up!
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
Jess was here.
- Jess was here!
- Hmm.
And she said...
She said
there was something wrong
with this place.
I hear you.
And I don't want to sound
like... like a bitch.
It's just. like.
I feel like I would know
if there was. like. this whole
other person here. you know?
I know
it doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't make
any sense. but...
I feel like...
I feel like
we're forgetting.
like. a lot of stuff.
How do we feel about
putting down the knife?
Yeah?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
What day is it?
Huh?
Do you know what day it is?
No.
But. like. I never know
what day it is.
Right.
I'm having a great time here.
But I also have this
feeling that I'm. like...
not.
- Does that make sense?
- Yes.
I have dirt under my nails.
and I don't know
how it got there.
I'm sorry.
What is this?
What is that?
They were like...
"Oh. Sarah...
you were climbing up a tree
and you were so wasted.
you fell."
Uh-mmm.
I didn't last eight seasons
on Hot Survivor Babes
because I fell.
So you don't think I'm crazy?
What's crazy is that
we got onto a plane
with a bunch of dudes
we don't know.
I thought
you all knew each other.
No.
Cody just chatted me up
at a coffee shop.
just talking about
how he knew Slater King.
But Heather and Camilla.
they know everybody. right?
I don't know.
Oh. my God!
What the fuck
were we thinking?
- Oh. fuck!
- I knew it!
I knew it!
I knew it! I knew it!
I knew it was
too good to be true.
Of course they're fucking
with our heads
because that's what they do.
They distract us with
these cute little outfits.
and they shower us with
raspberries and champagne.
But you know what?
We know
what's really going on.
They are trying to control us.
They're trying
to make us look crazy.
And it's working.
So they're making us forget.
Yeah.
Okay. but like...
how?
"Forgetting is a gift."
Huh?
Slater said.
"Forgetting is a gift."
Oh...
I don't get it.
We need to call the cops.
Yes.
- We need to call the FBI.
- Yes.
We need to call the cops
and the FBI.
Okay. but wait.
- What?
- Wait. wait.
Say we call the cops
and the FBI. right?
Uh-huh...
And we're. like.
"Hi. Hello. Please send help.
"Slater King and his buddies
are doing
horrible things to us."
They're gonna be like.
"What did they do?"
And we're gonna be like.
"Um...
We don't know."
"'Cause they've been
secretly erasing memories
with perfume. I guess."
And the guys
would be like. "What?"
"We would never do that.
other white guys
we probably play golf with."
And Heather and Camilla
will be like.
"Nothing but good times
and fat fucking blunts
over here. officer."
And I'll be like.
"Come on. guys. believe women."
"Here is my friend's lighter."
And they'll be like.
"Sure thing. Of course."
"You crazy fucking bitch."
Okay. Okay. Okay.
- Look at me.
- Okay.
- Let's get on the same page.
Your friend. you remember her?
Yes.
- But I don't remember her.
- No.
What's up with that?
She got bit by a snake.
Okay?
And I drank this.
What's in there?
I'm pretty sure
it's snake venom.
You think snake venom's
gonna make us remember?
Yeah.
Fuck it.
- Yeah.
- Oh. God!
- It's really bad.
- Oh. that's... That's venom?
- Yeah. dude.
- Why didn't you warn me?
- I did.
- That is disgusting.
How are we gonna get Heather
and Camilla to drink that?
Oh. man.
Tequila?
Shots. bitches!
- Holy shit!
- What's in these?
Snake venom?
Slam it. girlfriends.
I used to slam it.
Fuck! No way.
that was fucking crazy!
Tangy.
Fuck!
Stan. uh. radioed. by the way.
on the. um. thingy
that the boys are gonna be
back soon from fishing.
which means that I had
better...
Okay.
- Goodbye. ladies.
- Bye. Stace.
Oh. yes!
I'm going for the phones.
Keep a lookout.
- Okay. Wait. wait.
- Okay.
What do I do
when the boys come back?
I don't know. Fucking yell...
"fat blunts"
as loud as you can.
- Okay.
- Don't forget to smile.
Fat blunts.
More shots?
Yeah.
Wait.
wait. wait. wait.
Fuck!
Bad bitches for life.
- Bad bitches for life.
- Wait. No. wait.
- Oh!
- You dropped it!
Oh. God!
Oh. fuck.
Wait.
Sarah?
Dude. you... what happened
to your nose. man?
Hey. girls...
maybe we should
cool it on the shots.
Just trust me. I think...
I think they're really strong.
I'm. like.
really hardcore. so...
Just give it to me.
- No. Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Give it.
Come on. mami.
Just worry about yourself.
We got this.
Oh. look. look. look.
- Fuck!
- Oh. fuck!
What the fuck. babe?
It's just me!
I'm sorry.
I just don't like
to be tickled.
Ooh. bro!
Fuck! Fuck!
Come on. Come on.
When I was. like. four.
my sister. she pushed me.
Um. accidentally.
She's not a sociopath.
And my two front teeth just
shot right back up into their.
uh. the tooth holes.
It was disgusting.
But they were baby teeth.
so they grew back.
Are you all right?
Sorry. how's your nose?
Where's Frida?
Uh. she's just freshening up.
All right.
I'll see y'all in a minute.
Wait!
Hmm?
We're just gonna
smoke a... fat blunt!
Go off. queen!
Yep! We're gonna smoke
a big. fat blunt!
Okay.
Let's fucking go!
Oh. I can't wait!
We've got ourselves
a sticky situation.
Yeah.
Come on.
Fuck!
What's up. guys?
Yo.
Does anyone
have a lighter?
Are you okay. babe?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm just
really excited about this...
fat blunt.
Me too.
Fuck! Shit!
What are we
gonna do about you?
Hmm?
What are we gonna do?
It's...
weird here.
Doesn't work here.
- Stace...
- Huh?
...is it weird here?
No. I. uh. I like it there.
I like it right there.
- I'm gonna get some water.
- Stan?
- It's a little weird.
- Right?
I concur.
Bitches be trippin'.
Does anyone
want any champagne?
But then. let's love 'em.
Wait. You didn't get any.
Go again. girl. Here.
Crazy times. man.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's comfy.
but it just... I don't know.
Is it too red? I feel like
it's a little too red.
You could help.
I'm fucking eating here.
Somebody's getting a dick
drawn on his forehead tonight.
- What?
- Nothing.
Stop moving. babe.
stop moving!
Are we doing this.
or what?
Damn it.
this is so fucked up!
Shut up. She got bit.
She remembers everything.
- No. no.
- No. no. no!
Yeah. Okay.
Let's. uh.
let's get rid of it.
You want it? Stace?
- Mm-hmm? Mm-hmm.
- How about you take it?
Oh. I'm an idiot!
Stan. give me a hand.
I can't believe that
I didn't think of this before.
It was sitting right there
the entire time.
right in front of my face.
Okay.
Wait. Okay.
Now. why didn't we
just do here first?
Frida!
Hey. Frida!
Welcome to party. pal!
Frida!
Hey!
Want some of this?
Oh!
Yeah!
I'm just gonna...
- Yeah.
Okay.
Hey. Sarah. where you goin'
with the blunt?
Here. smoke.
It'll look weird if you don't.
Okay.
So how did the phones go?
Bad.
It went very bad.
Okay.
Has your venom kicked in yet?
Mm-hmm.
Heather and Camilla?
Those bitches are
a ticking fucking time bomb.
- Hey. buddies.
- Hi!
Hey.
We saw it.
What?
We saw what they did to Jess.
- 'Sup. stoners?
- Hey!
- We did?
- Yeah.
They killed her
'cause she wasn't forgetting.
This one is for you.
This one's for you.
I love you. bitches!
Hey!
There she is.
Hi... you.
- How are you?
- I...
missed you.
Aw. I missed you too.
You guys
get in any trouble?
No. no. no.
Just. um. girl time.
Girl time?
- Yeah.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Love it.
- Mmm.
All right.
- Check it out. babe.
- Are you okay?
- I'm good.
- Babe!
- It's cool. right?
- Okay...
what do we do?
We keep pretending.
Okay.
- So cool!
- Wow!
Friends. this is a...
...very special preparation
of grouper.
It's poached in shoyu
and young ginger
with local wild garlic.
And a little bit of yuzu
if you feel like taking
your tongue to tang town.
Tang town!
Blessings. Enjoy.
Beautiful!
Fucking beautiful. man.
Thank you.
Hey. buddy.
let's go to Coachella.
You know. I take him.
there's gonna be
the Tupac hologram and shit.
Fucking amazing.
She followed us there.
It's beautiful.
You know. let it go.
Forget about it.
We'll just change stages.
go somewhere else.
She doesn't give up.
No!
Bitch. that shit is too funny!
Let's get the wine!
Let's go. Come on.
Let's go.
Get the wine out! Let's go!
♪ Raise up
Get yourself together ♪
♪ And drive that funky soul ♪
♪ Get up... ♪
Don't tell me what to do!
Shut up!
Oh. you like that shit?
Don't tell me what to do!
Shut up! Shut up!
Stop. man.
- Hey. stop it!
- This is so fucked up. man!
- You gotta grow up.
- No! I can't. No. man. please.
♪ And let your feelings flow ♪
♪ Raise up
Get yourself together ♪
♪ And drive that funky soul ♪
♪ When I say Sagittarius... ♪
♪ Drive that funky soul ♪
♪ When I say Pisces
Holler... ♪
♪ And drive your funky soul ♪
♪ When I say Gemini. heh ♪
♪ Drive your funky soul... ♪
You don't tell me
what to do.
You don't tell me what to do.
She really won't remember
any of this?
Mm-mm.
The worse it is.
the more they forget.
All trauma gone.
We'll get her cleaned up.
and she'll be back to having
the time of her life.
Please!
Amazing.
That's
gonna open up beautifully.
Chateau Beauvoir. 1970 - trois.
- Take a sniff.
- Yeah.
- Cody. you nailed it.
- Glad you liked it. bud.
All right. Bon appetit.
You smell nice.
Thanks.
And this trip. man.
this trip has done
things to me
that. like. I don't even know.
It's so good.
- Is it good?
- It's so good.
And my girls. like.
y'all my girls.
And if anybody try
fucking with you.
I want y'all to call me. okay.
and be. like.
boop. boop. boop.
"Yo. Camilla.
this motherfucker
"fucking with me."
And then I'll be. like.
"Oh. word?
Say less. Send the addy."
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause I'm from Dyckman.
And I lead with so much
love...
But I'm quick to fuck
a motherfucker up.
It's so beautiful
the way that... to see all you
girls connecting like this.
I love you guys.
- Ah...
- What about you. Sarah?
Hmm?
You havin'
a good time?
Oh.
Yeah. it's been... Um...
It's been great. Yeah. Yeah.
It's just always been
hard for me
to make girlfriends.
- so it's been nice.
- Hmm. Oh.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
What do you think
that's about?
Yeah. babe.
Um...
Well...
Women
have been taught to
compete against each other.
- Right?
- Hmm.
When really
we should be helping...
I mean. supporting
each other. So. I don't know.
I've just
been thinking
that maybe when I get home.
that it would be nice
to start. like.
this program thing
where I. like.
teach women survival skills.
And I know that show was
stupid and totally degrading.
but I learned some
really useful shit.
And the truth is.
is that you never know
when you're gonna be stuck
in the middle of nowhere
in. like. a totally
terrifying situation
with no one to save you.
no one to even
hear you scream.
and you need to fight
for your fucking life!
'Cause it's scary...
out there.
Yeah.
It so is.
It is terrifying.
I just got so excited.
No. I do the same thing.
Yeah. it really is.
You know.
my cousin's wife got mugged
outside a Petco last week.
- Oh. my God!
- You see?
- Is she okay?
- No.
You know what's great. though?
Just women.
when they band together.
it's really beautiful.
Sorry.
Thank you so much.
That was awesome.
You okay?
Yeah.
I just want to...
want to...
dance.
You wanna what?
No.
All right.
It's nice
to break it up a little.
- Yeah.
- Get some tunes.
- On it.
- Tombo.
Yes. Fri!
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Sarah!
- It's getting hot.
Wow.
- Uh-oh.
- Oh!
I see you. girl!
Oh. yeah.
Get a picture.
Look at those moves.
- What's happening?
- Look out!
I love it.
♪ Captured effortlessly ♪
♪ That's the way it was ♪
♪ Happened so naturally ♪
♪ I did not know
It was love... ♪
No. you didn't!
Wow.
♪ And now we're flyin'
Through the stars... ♪
I don't believe this.
Yes!
Yeah. babe.
Oh. shit.
♪ When I heard your song... ♪
Oh...
Whoo!
♪ You knew I could not resist ♪
♪ I needed someone ♪
♪ And now we're flyin'
Through the stars... ♪
You're a bad girl. babe.
Mmm-hmm.
Lucas!
♪ Ain't nobody... ♪
Do it. like. this way.
There you go.
♪ I was so lonely ♪
♪ I feel like
No one could feel ♪
♪ I must be dreamin' ♪
♪ I need this feelin' ♪
♪ And hope this night
Will last forever ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
♪ Loves me better ♪
Hey!
♪ Make me feel this way ♪
♪ Makes me feel this way ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
- ♪ Nobody. baby... ♪
♪ Ain't nobody... ♪
Uh...
♪ At first. you put
Your arms around me... ♪
Hey. where are you going?
Water. water. water.
- Hey.
- What's up?
♪ Oh. my nights
Are warm and tender ♪
Stan.
Stan the man. You were
in the Marines. right?
Always will be.
Why don't you be a hero twice
and get me some ice?
Oh. shit.
♪ And a love so deep
We cannot measure ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
- ♪ Nobody ♪
♪ Loves me better ♪
- ♪ Makes me happy ♪
- ♪ Makes me feel this way ♪
♪ Makes me feel this way ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
♪ Loves me better... ♪
Hmm.
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
- ♪ Nobody. baby ♪
♪ Loves me better ♪
♪ Makes me happy... ♪
Are you havin' a good time?
I'm having a great time.
♪ Ain't nobody ♪
♪ Makes me happy ♪
♪ Makes me feel this way ♪
♪ Ain't nobody ♪
- ♪ Loves me better ♪
- ♪ Ain't nobody ♪
♪ Ain't nobody ♪
♪ Loves me better ♪
♪ Loves me better... ♪
Hmm.
You smell different.
Uh...
You sick fuck!
- I found some more muffins.
- Stop it!
- No!
- What the fuck?
Oh. shit.
Come here.
you motherfucker!
What the fuck!
Babe.
we can talk about this.
all right?
Let's not freak out.
Oh. shit. babe.
What the fuck! No. babe!
Fuck!
That's gonna open up
beautifully.
Babe!
- Get off of me!
- You got her?
Yeah. I got her.
No!
This place sucks.
What the fuck?
- We were just hanging out.
- Guys. I can't feel my legs.
Lock the door!
I can't feel my legs.
Lock the fucking door!
Guys?
Guys. we need the hospital.
Oh. fuck. I need a hospital.
Fuck!
Oh. my God!
They know. dude.
They know everything.
We're gonna go to hell
for this.
What do you mean?
We're such nice guys.
- Drink this.
- Oh. my God!
- You got perfumed. dude.
- What does that mean?
That's why
you don't remember.
- What does that mean?
- Guys?
Will someone
please tell me
what the fuck's going on?
Guys?
Red rabbit.
I don't understand.
I am not...
You go out there.
Okay. stop!
I'm sorry for yelling at you.
You can do this.
I don't like
this game anymore.
Hey. Come here. Come here.
Just go outside
- and go get the girls.
- All right.
Fuck.
It's okay.
You're just...
remembering.
But I... I didn't...
I didn't want to remember!
They're gonna do
what they're gonna do.
You child.
Forgetting is a gift. hon.
Help me. Help me.
Bitch. I tried.
Who's there?
It's just me. babe.
Here.
What did I do?
Nothing.
Thank God!
No. no. no.
I meant. you did...
you did nothing.
You did nothing for yourself.
You did nothing for them.
And. in my opinion.
there's a real special place
in hell
reserved for people that
just choose to do nothing.
Why do you think
you chose to do nothing?
What the fuck?
This is impossible unless...
I've been here before.
What do we do?
Let's go say hi to the guys.
♪ Please. motherfuckers
Ain't stop ♪
Please. mother... ♪
♪ Please. mother...
Please. motherfuckers ♪
♪ Please-please. mother...
Please. mother... ♪
♪ Please. mother...
♪ Please. motherfuckers
Please. mother... Please. mother... ♪
Ain't stoppin' me ♪
♪ Ho nigga. be so bad
When I fall up in their place ♪
♪ Deadass ♪
♪ Be jealous ass ho
With the fake on front ♪
♪ Clash about weed
Blast a bitch. 9-4 in ♪
♪ Deadass ♪
- ♪ With that funky ass In the trunk ♪
- ♪ I'm deadass... ♪
Slater. please help me.
- I don't know what's going on.
- Uh-oh.
Oh. is he gonna do something?
I don't know
what's happening.
Everyone's fucking crazy
out here. Please help me!
Are you gonna do something.
nothing boy?
Slater. I'm scared!
Don't open the door.
Don't open the door. Okay.
Shit!
I'm really sorry.
Look at you.
- Please!
- You're beautiful.
Come here. Come here. Stop.
Stop. stop.
It's okay. All right?
Hi.
Yeah. It's good there.
I like your nails.
That's gonna scar.
You havin' a good time?
I'm having a great...
Hi.
Welcome back.
Fucking bitch.
Ah... Fuck him.
Don't worry about him.
He's just still mad
about the pinky thing.
Fuck!
I thought last year
was intense.
but you've really
outdone yourself.
So...
everybody's dead.
What now?
I'm just saying.
there is a version of this
where we're all just
still havin' a good time.
And sipping mimosas
and green juices.
And laughing at brunch.
'Cause brunch.
brunch is real.
Brunch is so fucking real.
You want to know
what's not real?
Forgiveness.
I'll show you.
I. Slater King. would like
to formally apologize
for my behavior.
I've sought therapy.
and I'm gonna take a leave
of absence from my company
while I face these issues
head-on. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm...
I'm... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
So. we good?
No?
That's right.
There is no forgiveness.
There's just
forgetting.
There's just forgetting.
Which. by the way.
you are fucking incredible at.
You forgot about
the entire goddamn place.
That's amazing.
Imagine what humans could be
capable of if we could
free them
from the suffering
and the pain of their trauma.
Oh. my God. my sister.
my sister would be...
she'd be free.
She'd be free
'cause she's so fucked up.
because she remembers
everything.
She remembers every
single thing. She's. like...
"How could you go and
play tennis with that man
after what he did to us
when we were little?"
And I'm. like...
I'm over here just.
like. "What did he do?"
"What did he do?"
"What the fuck did he do?"
"I don't know what he did."
This is gonna be great.
We can forget
all of this.
Come on. Me and you both.
Let's just...
Just a quick spritz.
What do you think?
Well...
I feel...
Fuck!
- I feel like...
- Okay. um...
Hold that thought.
I'm gonna be right back.
I want to hear
what you want to say.
I'm gonna be right back. okay?
Hey.
No! No!
No! Please. don't.
Please. don't.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Please.
- You think I'm gonna kill you?
You're. like. my best friend.
What?
Boop.
No. No. no. no!
Please. please. please don't!
Don't. don't kill her!
Please don't kill her!
Stop! Oh. my God!
No. no. please don't!
No. I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
Please. don't do anything!
Please!
- Oh. my God!
- Hey.
Oh. no!
I'm so sorry!
Please stop.
Holy shit. Vic.
What the fuck
happened to your face?
And what the fuck
happened to...
Oh. shit.
What happened to Camilla?
Oh. my God!
Uh...
What the fuck happened?
Uh. okay...
Vic. what the fuck
happened to your face?
Oh. my God.
What happened
with. uh. Camilla...
Lucas. uh...
Yo. what the fuck
happened to the...
Uh...
You're right.
There is no forgiveness.
Only forgetting.
Fucking...
I need a vacation.
Same.
You got a light?
I knew I forgot something.
You sure you know
what you're doing?
Folks.
we want to thank you all for
being here with us tonight.
Slater.
- You...
- Hey.
...are a hard man to reach.
Uh. it's good to see you.
Hey. thanks for coming.
Look. we don't
have to do it now.
Not here.
I was hoping we might be able
to continue
our little discussion.
Yeah. Uh. yeah.
We could continue
the discussion.
How's your next week look?
We're in Beijing
next week.
Um. we're in Beijing
Oh. uh. okay. Sorry.
I don't think we've met.
Of course we have.
I remember you.
Hiya. Rich.
I got him.
Right. well...
It's. uh...
- it's nice to meet... see you.
- Come with me. sir.
See you.
Sir...
I want to give
one more round of applause...
to our host.
the CEO of King-Tech.
- Eat your steak. honey.
- Ladies and gentlemen.
Mrs. Frida King.
♪ One. two. get down ♪
♪ Paid the cost
To be the boss... ♪
More champagne. Mrs. King?
♪ I paid the cost
To be the boss ♪
♪ Look at me
You know what you see ♪
♪ You see a bad mother ♪
♪ Look at me
You know what you see ♪
♪ You see a bad mother ♪
♪ Paid the cost
To be the boss ♪
♪ Look at me
You know what you see ♪
♪ You see a bad mother ♪
♪ Huh ♪
♪ Huh. told you so ♪
♪ Told you so! ♪
♪ Having fun
Got money to burn ♪
♪ 'Cause I paid the cost
To be the boss ♪
♪ Paid the cost
♪ Cross the tracks. uh
Turned my back. uh ♪
♪ Paid the cost
To be the boss ♪
♪ I'm a bad mother. uh ♪
♪ I'm a bad mother ♪
♪ Head for the turn around ♪
♪ Told you so! ♪
♪ Paid the cost
To be the boss ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-